# Meeting Minutes (11/05/2024 (Tuesday))

## Administrivia
The scribe is the person taking the _notes_. This is encouraged to be a single person to reduce problems.
* Time: 11:30-1:30
* Location: Fawcett & Russ 
* Scribe: Aziz

## Agenda
* Do poor design in software interfaces
* Dilean and jinho will work on api routes 
* Aziz and Revanth will work on frontend

## Notes
* Poor design in software interfaces 

1.

    Source: https://weblium.com/blog/21-bad-website-examples/

    When designing websites, there are several things to consider for good-looking website.

    First, the design should be straightfoward. This is about how we're going to display contents on the website.
    No matter how useful information a website has, 
    we wouldn't be able to levarage the information if it is not organized and straightfoward on the website.
    Considering what users want and how those functions should be deployed on the website are required in designing.

    Second, the colors should match to each other. If we use several different colors giving dissonance,
    user's won't visit the website again, or won't want to surf around our website.
    Using matching colors on background and texts should be considered to designing a website.
2.

    Source: https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/bad-design?srsltid=AfmBOoqRLviVKURB5bSHEJ54ss2S31KUXYeGYFazQEYOyXJOCsmoiZUs

    Poor design in software interfaces is often defined as a lack of clarity or lack of usability. Designs that confuse users or are hard to navigate constitutes bad software interface design. Another indicator of a bad design is poor accessibility to users with disabilities. Websites that screen readers fail to read, or that may not have color blindness mode are examples of this. Ignoring users needs and feedback is also a sign of poor design. An example of this is if a user wants to be able to access a section of the website from the home page but the website doesn't provide it. Prioritizing aesthetics over functionality can ruin a users experience if it is over done. If an animation when switching between parts of a website looks nice, but takes 3 seconds to complete, with continuous use of the website it would start to get quite redundant and feel like a waste of the users time. Inconsistency with webpage colors, text sizes and overall design can also be a hinderance to interface designs. 

* Teach David how to spell

* Members in Attendence
    * Aziz
    * Dilean
    * Jinho
    * Revanth 
    * David (had to leave at 12:30 for interview)

## Action Items
* Api Routes will be done by next meeting 
* Skeleton of pages will be done by next week
* David will figma user profile


## Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Aziz
* ...


# Meeting Minutes (11/07/2024 (Thursday))

## Administrivia
The scribe is the person taking the _notes_. This is encouraged to be a single person to reduce problems.
* Time: 
* Location: 
* Scribe: Aziz

## Agenda

## Notes

## Action Items

## Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Aziz 
* ...